*********************** Query 1 ******************************
object: Samoa thuộc Mỹ
object: Malawi
object: Lesotho
object: Bahamas
object: Đài Loan
object: Cộng hòa Séc
object: Nga
object: Romania
object: Mozambique
object: Bermuda
object: Hy Lạp
object: Paraguay
object: Trung Quốc
object: Montenegro
object: Bờ Biển Ngà
object: Afghanistan
object: Argentina
object: Saint Pierre và Miquelon
object: Liên bang Micronesia
object: Iraq
object: Đông Timor
object: Quần đảo Nam Georgia và Nam Sandwich
object: Myanmar
object: Papua New Guinea
object: Armenia
object: Sudan
object: Malta
object: Phần Lan
object: Quần đảo Bắc Mariana
object: Gabon
object: ﻿Estonia
object: Tây Ban Nha
object: Quần đảo Virgin thuộc Mỹ
object: Libya
object: Cộng hòa dân chủ Congo
object: Mexico
object: Cape Verde
object: Israel
object: Guatemala
object: Anguilla
object: Nigeria
object: Cuba
object: Brunei
object: Zimbabwe
object: Ukraine
object: Triều Tiên
object: Đức
object: Jamaica
object: Bangladesh
object: Grenada
object: Bồ Đào Nha
object: Quần đảo Solomon
object: Djibouti
object: Fiji
object: Burundi
object: Quần đảo Virgin thuộc Anh
object: Campuchia
object: Sri Lanka
object: Guinea-Bissau
object: Tanzania
object: Suriname
object: Cộng hòa Dominican
object: Botswana
object: Uganda
object: Qatar
object: Senegal
object: Trinidad và Tobago
object: Quần đảo Marshall
object: Kazakhstan
object: Thổ Nhĩ Kỳ
object: Seychelles
object: Singapore
object: Venezuela
object: El Salvador
object: Pakistan
object: ﻿Moldova
object: Sierra Leone
object: Kiribati
object: San Marino
object: Ecuador
object: Thụy Sĩ
object: Panama
object: Na Uy
object: Saint Kitts và Nevis
object: Quần đảo Cayman
object: Eritrea
object: Nhật Bản
object: Ba Lan
object: Chile
object: Bosnia và Herzegovina
object: Guyana
object: Ai Cập

Time Query = 2749



*********************** Query 2 ******************************
object: Regan Nash
object: Ariella Schneider
object: Mckenna Bonilla
object: Isla Hanson
object: Mara Franklin
object: Ryan Ingram
object: Tara Case
object: Barrett Pope
object: Ralph Dickerson
object: Gauge Savage
object: Ayden Rice
object: Memphis Saunders
object: Aditya Kaiser
object: Manuel Gibbs
object: Caden Craig
object: Fisher Baker
object: Jalen Hayes
object: Alessandro Good
object: Angel Hale
object: Brady Chen
object: Kolby Farrell
object: Orlando Mcintyre
object: Royce Christian
object: Hayden Yates
object: Allen Brady
object: Clarissa Valencia
object: Arielle Perez
object: Rosemary Conrad
object: Draven Bates
object: Bobby Crawford
object: Morgan Castro
object: Nathanael Luna
object: Maximillian Porter
object: Danny Todd
object: Sean Conner
object: Alice Gallagher
object: Alexis Mccormick
object: Colin Daniels
object: Aubrie Jordan
object: Emery Potter
object: Rhianna Becker
object: Georgia Mitchell
object: Weston Contreras
object: Mathew Fuller
object: Bryson Hodge
object: Ernest Marquez
object: Theodore Gordon
object: Patricia Mccoy
object: Virginia Valenzuela
object: Dominic Anderson
object: Emmy Hebert
object: Brielle Vazquez
object: Mauricio Wilkerson
object: Triston Beck
object: Ayanna Montgomery
object: Kamari Coffey
object: Selina Galvan
object: Giancarlo Flores
object: Anika Hunter
object: Fletcher Hess
object: Jacquelyn Johnson
object: Lana Santiago
object: Selah Sanford
object: Marcel Avery
object: Ashanti Bauer
object: Mckenzie Reilly
object: Annie Underwood
object: Harper Mata
object: Denisse Roman
object: Ishaan Horne
object: Emiliano Burgess
object: Nina Rosario
object: Lyric Hendricks
object: Savion Sawyer
object: Selena Novak
object: Lamar Payne
object: Janet Sherman
object: Brennen Heath
object: Tyrese Ross
object: Emily Haas
object: Jaelynn Berry
object: Kaleigh Keller
object: Jocelyn Griffin
object: Alexandria Tyler
object: Alijah Wolfe
object: Tyson Kirk
object: Mohammed Chung
object: Seth Vasquez
object: Abbigail Frank
object: Heidy Mcmahon
object: Adonis Matthews
object: Albert Campos
object: Cassidy Sanchez
object: Johan Bailey
object: Gilbert Galloway
object: Adelaide Fernandez
object: Karson Cochran
object: Ahmed Monroe
object: Gilberto Chapman
object: Amira Chang
object: Aria Mclean
object: Jaylan Lynn
object: Kelsey Blevins
object: Jeffery Chan
object: Beckham Mejia
object: Krish Stewart
object: Kylie Mcknight
object: Brisa Adams
object: Alan Salazar
object: Carolyn Powers
object: Nora Hines
object: Finnegan Miller
object: Ramon Delacruz
object: Yaretzi Williams
object: Cohen Simpson
object: Jordan Duncan
object: Lyla Hicks
object: Colten Ewing
object: Michelle Carter
object: Matteo Conley
object: Johnny Hull
object: Coby Schmidt
object: Dale Humphrey
object: Easton Carney
object: Jon Wu
object: Zoe Dudley
object: Izaiah Diaz
object: Dayana Torres
object: Neveah Kennedy
object: Noemi Austin
object: Siena Taylor
object: Halle Joyce
object: Lauren Summers
object: Paris Hayden
object: Jefferson Frazier
object: Cara Rose
object: Landon Myers
object: Camille Ruiz
object: Kellen Roth
object: Amya Conway
object: Esteban Avila
object: Alyssa Fletcher
object: Ray Vega
object: Julianna Erickson
object: Essence Lucero
object: Nola Pham
object: Jaycee Frey
object: Michael Gillespie
object: Reyna Walters
object: Elle Olson
object: Clare Harmon
object: Darien Henson
object: Miguel Barajas
object: Dominique Walton
object: Emmanuel Carroll
object: Chad Cain
object: Lorelei Terry
object: Ronald Thomas
object: Daisy Walls
object: Eden Singh
object: Malaki Roy
object: Kolton Hardy
object: Mareli Hutchinson
object: Jase Day
object: Izabella Marshall
object: Mercedes Werner
object: Madyson Oneal
object: Sophie Mccall
object: Ruby Fitzpatrick
object: Lesly Sloan
object: Kaden Stevenson
object: Rhys Dougherty
object: Aidan Oneill
object: Andre Chavez
object: Trenton Serrano
object: Neil Paul
object: Stephen Winters
object: Darius Koch
object: Carley Barrett
object: Carmen Howard
object: Zackery Dickson
object: Moses Wade
object: Brynn Lin
object: Chelsea Rogers
object: Jamison Hooper
object: Shaylee Ponce
object: Yasmin Molina
object: Bria Potts
object: Jaydin Gilbert
object: Amber Bowman
object: Nikolai Wolf
object: Diego Holder
object: Tiffany Thompson
object: Ezequiel Bridges
object: Keshawn Sutton
object: Wayne Camacho
object: Cristina Oliver
object: Presley Murray
object: Damien Hogan
object: Marcus Ortiz
object: Livia Olsen
object: Juliet Higgins
object: Kinsley Jackson
object: Cristopher Burke
object: Alisa Benjamin
object: Vaughn Parker
object: Jayce Norris
object: Harold Bentley
object: Jamir Doyle
object: Sydnee Barber
object: Yair Pena
object: Zion Hansen
object: Sage Ramos
object: Adolfo Brewer
object: Roy Mack
object: Emilee Mueller
object: Rogelio Blankenship
object: Mattie Pittman
object: Raven Schultz
object: Alivia Steele
object: Jakayla Burch
object: Juliette Hardin
object: Lilly Church
object: Teagan Newton
object: Tia Mora
object: Raul Ballard
object: Gabriella Shaw
object: Devin Sullivan
object: Kevin Hopkins
object: Jaelyn Sampson
object: Brynlee Murphy
object: Giovanny Gentry
object: Donald Snow
object: Alannah Fritz
object: Anahi Blake
object: Miah Mays
object: April Frederick
object: Evie Blair
object: Madeleine Rosales
object: Tony Hancock
object: Omari Ellison
object: Antony Gray
object: Ariel Cardenas
object: David Manning
object: Mohamed Massey
object: Derrick Mathis
object: Cali Kim
object: Stanley Dixon
object: Nyla Huynh
object: Trevor Barnes
object: Remington Armstrong
object: Milton Webster
object: Karli Rasmussen
object: Teresa Elliott
object: Xiomara Larson
object: Savanah Dodson
object: Donna Colon
object: Santiago Rowe
object: Lydia Whitehead
object: Jazlene Arroyo
object: Martin Lewis
object: Avery Cunningham
object: Atticus Clark
object: Bailey Ortega
object: Byron Bolton
object: Madalyn Harding
object: Ali Spencer
object: Milagros Wang
object: Kasey Mcbride
object: Raymond Malone
object: Amaris Shields
object: Angelina Arellano
object: Maxwell Grimes
object: Quinton Ali
object: Akira Gamble
object: Allyson Knox
object: Gavyn Haney
object: Arturo Phelps
object: Amiah Mayo
object: Nicholas Maxwell
object: Iliana Guerrero
object: Kayleigh Jefferson
object: Mark Lamb
object: Keyon Buck
object: Charlie Hartman
object: Samir Burnett
object: Tori Freeman
object: Evelin Brennan
object: Mariela Boyd
object: Prince Patel
object: Skyler Carlson
object: Nicole Cowan
object: Nylah Macias
object: Landyn Suarez
object: Kendra James
object: Kayden Goodwin
object: Santos Spears
object: Ramiro Rocha
object: Kate Solis
object: Zayden Dennis
object: Lorena Moreno
object: Darian Keith
object: Victoria Salas
object: Kaydence Schaefer
object: Phoenix Webb
object: Claire Velez
object: Frances Escobar
object: Paisley Nielsen
object: Krystal Morgan
object: Skyler Zuniga
object: Salma Santana
object: Frankie Donaldson
object: Adriel Nguyen
object: Richard Barnett
object: Donte Hood
object: Javon Hobbs
object: Saniyah Haynes
object: Aaliyah Vang
object: Korbin Vaughan
object: Jamie Calderon
object: Augustus Blanchard
object: Danica Walker
object: Bo Gibson
object: Deshawn Moon
object: Giovani Harrington
object: Jesse Chambers
object: Hope Friedman
object: Corey Chandler
object: Larry Carson
object: Lillian Bond
object: Aleena Peck
object: Rafael Watts
object: Yuliana Cohen
object: Jaden Farley
object: Jewel Wagner
object: Mariana Stephens
object: Gianna English
object: Katelynn Mann
object: Mia Weiss
object: Konner Dean
object: Emerson Barron
object: Aliya Singleton
object: Ellie Downs
object: Ximena Stone
object: Alden Curry
object: Micah Valentine
object: Davin Horton
object: Greta Bird
object: Jennifer Rodriguez
object: Helen Leon
object: Jordyn Sweeney
object: Adan Tran
object: Marcelo Phillips
object: Hayden Hickman
object: Aliyah Howe
object: Riley Ochoa
object: Nigel Fisher
object: Alfred Huber
object: Emilie Morales
object: Miley Christensen
object: Octavio Lyons
object: Mila Powell
object: Oliver Love
object: Bruno Levine
object: Alana Mcintosh
object: Kristian Mcguire
object: Lewis Wilcox
object: Tatum Lee
object: Jacqueline Rangel
object: Rey Wong
object: Hazel Goodman
object: Annika Everett
object: Caiden Terrell
object: Quintin Ramirez
object: Amani Gould
object: Miles Hart
object: Macey Gutierrez
object: Keira Petersen
object: Dylan Ware
object: Peyton Shea
object: Quincy Bryan
object: Damon Bass
object: Lea Lynch
object: Todd Rich
object: Finley Logan
object: Denise Dunn
object: Desiree Rivas
object: Julianne Henry
object: Joanna Eaton
object: Yazmin Boone
object: Greyson Clements
object: Keith Hammond
object: Kaia Shepard
object: Carla Perkins
object: Lucy Huerta
object: Leslie Braun
object: Abby Best
object: Gabriel Obrien
object: Trace Haley
object: Alexzander Dunlap
object: Bradyn Bartlett
object: Annalise Preston
object: Stacy Alvarez
object: Alvin Garcia
object: Justus Harrison
object: Roland Dalton
object: Emely Fleming
object: Andres Middleton
object: Kamryn Scott
object: Micah Reynolds
object: Charlie Burton
object: Austin Riley
object: Delaney Callahan
object: Yusuf Spence
object: Faith Strickland
object: Cameron Hughes
object: Aydin Gregory
object: Paula Guzman
object: Elsa Fowler
object: Caroline Schwartz
object: Amina Turner
object: Axel Mccann
object: Bianca Frost
object: Cayden Vaughn
object: Meghan Graham
object: Issac Benton
object: Jan Trujillo
object: Aileen Nelson
object: Josh Randolph
object: Annabelle Soto
object: Ana Stokes
object: Rebecca Hahn
object: Lee Watkins
object: Naima Decker
object: Kelsie Fry
object: Ruben Willis
object: Hannah Drake
object: Addyson Andrade
object: Luciano Kaufman
object: Lyric Browning
object: Marquise Russell
object: Zechariah Bush
object: Harley Duffy
object: Zaire Madden
object: Cory Mercado
object: Madelynn Mcclure
object: Damari Melendez
object: Audrey Alvarado
object: Yosef Wall
object: Anderson Stout
object: Isabel Mckee
object: Mariah Woods
object: Amelia Fields
object: Grayson Wiggins
object: Kaiden Pollard
object: Valeria Hodges
object: Charlize Mayer
object: Kallie Gaines
object: Kody Cabrera
object: Ulises Davies
object: Angie Shepherd
object: Edward Roach
object: Belen Franco
object: August Wilson
object: Lina Maynard
object: Noe West
object: Turner Holt
object: Griffin Bautista
object: Athena Robinson
object: Paul Odonnell
object: Eric Sheppard
object: Ashly Martinez
object: Colby Price
object: Jude Mcmillan
object: Caitlyn Boyle
object: Brett Carpenter
object: Nikhil Holland
object: Beatrice Arnold
object: Allisson Norman
object: Camryn Yoder
object: Alondra Warner
object: Jaime Nichols
object: Semaj Tanner
object: Thaddeus Beltran
object: Jazmyn Hudson
object: Brandon Harris
object: Maximo Dyer
object: Kash Castillo
object: Isis Mckinney
object: Marvin Wise
object: Liam Cisneros
object: Alexander Shaffer
object: Jameson Green
object: Riley Woodward
object: Howard Mccarthy
object: Hailie Moss
object: Sariah Graves
object: Cole Pugh
object: Heather Trevino
object: Mason Jacobs
object: Gunnar Roberson
object: Marie Medina
object: Jamari Whitney
object: Phoebe Kelly
object: Adyson Pitts
object: Preston Atkins
object: Brenda Reese
object: Jacoby Russo
object: Madden Page
object: Paxton Simmons
object: Kylee Hamilton
object: Ronnie Carrillo
object: Justice Fitzgerald
object: Jadyn Watson
object: Angelo Norton
object: Kaylen Key
object: Cynthia Charles
object: Taniyah Archer
object: Naomi Duke
object: Giana Barry
object: Bailey Villanueva
object: Alessandra Swanson
object: Eddie Bright
object: Sonny Huffman
object: Nathalie Dominguez
object: Ashleigh Rhodes
object: Jocelynn Shannon
object: Jeffrey Baxter
object: Wesley Solomon
object: Terry Hinton
object: Jaydon Wyatt
object: Ethan Davidson
object: Aedan Reid
object: Iris Ray
object: Marley Hill
object: Aliza Tapia
object: Camryn Richmond
object: Maleah Harvey
object: Cailyn Arias
object: Macie Proctor
object: Nataly Mcfarland
object: Ignacio Lopez
object: Cecilia Hoover
object: Julio Jones
object: Heath Robles
object: Curtis Cuevas
object: Litzy Villarreal
object: Cason Perry
object: Alexia Gilmore
object: Aryan White
object: Travis Peterson
object: Grant Garrison
object: Payten Ryan
object: Baron Maddox
object: Lilia Floyd
object: Justice Krueger
object: Lillianna Morrow
object: Makaila Owens
object: Jermaine Boyer
object: Clarence Bean
object: Corbin Vargas
object: Chandler Daugherty
object: Clara Schmitt
object: Nia Macdonald
object: Esmeralda Zimmerman
object: Leonidas Donovan
object: Diana Ibarra
object: Maritza Murillo
object: Xander Davila
object: Fernando Cox
object: Makayla Livingston
object: Nathanial Villa
object: Braxton Daniel
object: Alanna Hoffman
object: Jasmine Rodgers
object: Jazmin Rush

Time Query = 16



*********************** Query 3 ******************************
subject: http://shadow.org/organization/organization10			object: UNESCO
subject: http://shadow.org/organization/organization4			object: UNESCO Institute for Statistics
subject: http://shadow.org/organization/organization520			object: UNESCO Institute for Statistics
subject: http://shadow.org/organization/organization555			object: UNESCO Institute for Statistics

Time Query = 9



*********************** Query 4 ******************************
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person29			object: Bobby Crawford
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person100			object: Adonis Matthews
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person169			object: Lorelei Terry
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person172			object: Eden Singh
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person210			object: Tiffany Thompson
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person225			object: Juliet Higgins
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person246			object: Alivia Steele
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person381			object: Bo Gibson
subject: http://shadow.org/person/person515			object: Micah Reynolds

Time Query = 16



*********************** Query 5 ******************************
object: United Nations
object: BRAINPOol
object: 2Mayns Events
object: United Nations Population Fund

Time Query = 6



*********************** Query 6 ******************************
object: 1962-05-01T00:00:00.000+07:00
object: 1980-05-03T00:00:00.000+07:00
object: 1906-08-27T00:00:00.000+06:42
object: 1915-09-04T00:00:00.000+06:42
object: 1983-07-21T00:00:00.000+07:00
object: 1934-06-08T00:00:00.000+07:00
object: 1954-01-29T00:00:00.000+07:00
object: 2015-11-20T00:00:00.000+07:00

Time Query = 16



*********************** Query 7 ******************************
object: This is also reflected in the country's flag, which has two diagonally divided parts in dark silver, orange and dark bronze. Their coat of arms is a twig on a shield.
object: This country has mild laws and law enforcement, which is normal for their situation. The people are distressed due to lack of trade, caused by irrational fears and superstitions.
object: Bordered between large rock formations to the North, a calm sea to the South, a large, frozen lake to the East and wasteland to the West, This country mainly lives off alchemy, war and fishing.
object: The country's landscape is depressing; wild, overgrown forests, withered flower fields and icy springs are just a sliver of the dysphoria This country has to offer, which is why the country is shirked among foreigners.
object: This country itself is mainly covered in frozen lakes and has a cold climate, which has lead to a congested population, despite the number of people, which means most of them live in large settlements.

Time Query = 8



*********************** Query 8 ******************************
object: Aditya Kaiser
object: Hayden Yates
object: Clarissa Valencia
object: Arielle Perez
object: Maximillian Porter
object: Alice Gallagher
object: Alexis Mccormick
object: Virginia Valenzuela
object: Giancarlo Flores
object: Ashanti Bauer
object: Annie Underwood
object: Savion Sawyer
object: Jocelyn Griffin
object: Alexandria Tyler
object: Tyson Kirk
object: Selina Galvan
object: Amira Chang
object: Jeffery Chan
object: Beckham Mejia
object: Brisa Adams
object: Nora Hines
object: Finnegan Miller
object: Jon Wu
object: Gilberto Chapman
object: Zoe Dudley
object: Izaiah Diaz
object: Siena Taylor
object: Amya Conway
object: Alyssa Fletcher
object: Chad Cain
object: Mareli Hutchinson
object: Neveah Kennedy
object: Izabella Marshall
object: Sophie Mccall
object: Neil Paul
object: Wayne Camacho
object: Livia Olsen
object: Cristopher Burke
object: Harold Bentley
object: Yasmin Molina
object: Adolfo Brewer
object: Mattie Pittman
object: Cristina Oliver
object: Raven Schultz
object: Ramon Delacruz
object: Jakayla Burch
object: Lilly Church
object: April Frederick
object: Karson Cochran
object: Omari Ellison
object: Remington Armstrong
object: Milton Webster
object: Gavyn Haney
object: Martin Lewis
object: Kendra James
object: Kate Solis
object: Darian Keith
object: Victoria Salas
object: Halle Joyce
object: Paisley Nielsen
object: Adriel Nguyen
object: Corey Chandler
object: Rafael Watts
object: Yuliana Cohen
object: Jaden Farley
object: Katelynn Mann
object: Mia Weiss
object: Ruby Fitzpatrick
object: Konner Dean
object: Aliya Singleton
object: Marcelo Phillips
object: Kellen Roth
object: Oliver Love
object: Dylan Ware
object: Peyton Shea
object: Darien Henson
object: Kaleigh Keller
object: Yazmin Boone
object: Keith Hammond
object: Lana Santiago
object: Lorena Moreno
object: Lucy Huerta
object: Gabriel Obrien
object: Alexzander Dunlap
object: Alvin Garcia
object: Kamryn Scott
object: Micah Reynolds
object: Cameron Hughes
object: Caroline Schwartz
object: Axel Mccann
object: Bianca Frost
object: Cayden Vaughn
object: Meghan Graham
object: Jan Trujillo
object: Royce Christian
object: Keira Petersen
object: Naima Decker
object: Ruben Willis
object: Greyson Clements
object: Addyson Andrade
object: Emily Haas
object: Zaire Madden
object: Orlando Mcintyre
object: Jordan Duncan
object: Angie Shepherd
object: Turner Holt
object: Griffin Bautista
object: Eric Sheppard
object: Maxwell Grimes
object: Brett Carpenter
object: Beatrice Arnold
object: Nathanael Luna
object: Damien Hogan
object: Semaj Tanner
object: Ezequiel Bridges
object: Liam Cisneros
object: Landon Myers
object: Hailie Moss
object: Heather Trevino
object: Kevin Hopkins
object: Brenda Reese
object: Kylee Hamilton
object: Jadyn Watson
object: Adyson Pitts
object: Bailey Villanueva
object: Kallie Gaines
object: Jeffrey Baxter
object: Terry Hinton
object: Ethan Davidson
object: Aliza Tapia
object: Madden Page
object: Heath Robles
object: Lillianna Morrow
object: Juliette Hardin
object: Jermaine Boyer
object: Chandler Daugherty
object: Clara Schmitt
object: Maritza Murillo
object: Ellie Downs

Time Query = 18



*********************** Query 9 ******************************
predicate: http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type			object: http://shadow.org/person
predicate: http://shadow.org/person/has_Date			object: 1927-07-15T00:00:00.000+07:00
predicate: http://shadow.org/person/has_Description			object: He is a financial advisor
predicate: http://shadow.org/person/has_Job			object: Help Desk Operator
predicate: http://shadow.org/person/has_Label			object: Regan Nash
predicate: http://shadow.org/person/has_Link			object: http://shadow.org/linkPerson990
predicate: http://shadow.org/relationship/found			object: http://shadow.org/organization/organization532
predicate: http://shadow.org/relationship/employee			object: http://shadow.org/organization/organization367
predicate: http://shadow.org/relationship/invest			object: http://shadow.org/country/country719

Time Query = 5



*********************** Query 10 ******************************
object: Help Desk Operator
object: Chief Design Engineer
object: Programmer IV
object: Legal Assistant
object: Cost Accountant
object: VP Accounting
object: Research Assistant IV
object: Administrative Officer
object: Research Assistant III
object: Registered Nurse
object: Engineer III
object: Editor
object: Assistant Professor
object: Environmental Specialist
object: Internal Auditor
object: Statistician III
object: Marketing Assistant
object: Web Designer I
object: Ryan Ingram
object: Senior Developer
object: Marketing Manager
object: VP Product Management
object: Information Systems Manager
object: Nurse
object: Tax Accountant
object: Financial Analyst
object: Food Chemist
object: Research Nurse
object: Developer III
object: Teacher
object: Mechanical Systems Engineer
object: Data Coordiator
object: Sales Associate
object: Social Worker
object: Geologist IV
object: Chemical Engineer
object: Help Desk Technician
object: Civil Engineer
object: Community Outreach Specialist
object: Physical Therapy Assistant
object: Sales Representative
object: Geological Engineer
object: Operator
object: Senior Financial Analyst
object: Media Manager IV
object: Compensation Analyst
object: General Manager
object: Software Consultant
object: Design Engineer
object: Account Executive
object: Office Assistant IV
object: Dental Hygienist
object: Assistant Media Planner
object: Electrical Engineer
object: Human Resources Manager
object: Librarian
object: Developer I
object: Product Engineer
object: Speech Pathologist
object: Structural Engineer
object: Associate Professor
object: Staff Accountant I
object: Recruiting Manager
object: Senior Quality Engineer
object: Media Manager III
object: Human Resources Assistant IV
object: VP Quality Control
object: Web Designer III
object: Actuary
object: Staff Scientist
object: Nurse Practicioner
object: Software Test Engineer I
object: Budget/Accounting Analyst I
object: Geologist III
object: Research Associate
object: Budget/Accounting Analyst IV
object: Account Coordinator
object: Analog Circuit Design manager
object: Account Representative II
object: Assistant Manager
object: Programmer II
object: Structural Analysis Engineer
object: Occupational Therapist
object: Junior Executive
object: GIS Technical Architect
object: Health Coach II
object: Payment Adjustment Coordinator
object: Desktop Support Technician
object: Environmental Tech
object: Quality Control Specialist
object: Health Coach I
object: Staff Accountant IV
object: Research Assistant I
object: Paralegal
object: Software Test Engineer II
object: Systems Administrator IV
object: Web Designer IV
object: Office Assistant I
object: Director of Sales
object: Computer Systems Analyst IV
object: Software Engineer I
object: Project Manager
object: Graphic Designer
object: Staff Accountant II
object: Business Systems Development Analyst
object: Recruiter
object: Engineer I
object: Analyst Programmer
object: VP Marketing
object: Automation Specialist III
object: Software Engineer IV
object: Web Developer III
object: Database Administrator III
object: Quality Engineer
object: Health Coach III
object: Nuclear Power Engineer
object: Human Resources Assistant III
object: Software Test Engineer III
object: Administrative Assistant II
object: Geologist II
object: VP Sales
object: Software Test Engineer IV
object: Safety Technician II
object: Executive Secretary
object: Account Representative IV
object: Human Resources Assistant II
object: Professor
object: Systems Administrator III
object: Office Assistant III
object: Media Manager I
object: Statistician II
object: Automation Specialist IV
object: Web Developer I
object: Web Developer II
object: Office Assistant II
object: Accounting Assistant II
object: Senior Editor
object: Accounting Assistant I
object: Financial Advisor
object: Database Administrator I
object: Biostatistician IV
object: Technical Writer
object: Pharmacist
object: Developer II
object: Engineer IV
object: Computer Systems Analyst I
object: Clinical Specialist
object: Systems Administrator I
object: Safety Technician IV
object: Research Assistant II
object: Statistician IV
object: Programmer Analyst II
object: Administrative Assistant I
object: Budget/Accounting Analyst II
object: Senior Cost Accountant
object: Software Engineer II
object: Computer Systems Analyst II
object: Statistician I
object: Programmer III
object: Database Administrator IV
object: Engineer II
object: Health Coach IV
object: Human Resources Assistant I
object: Safety Technician I
object: Accounting Assistant III
object: Software Engineer III
object: Automation Specialist I
object: Administrative Assistant III
object: Computer Systems Analyst III
object: Biostatistician II
object: Database Administrator II

Time Query = 12



